    https://codepen.io/josiahroa18/pen/GRgBNjo?editors=1100
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        A way to provide meaning to the structure of your HTML.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Creating the structure of a webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Provides additional information to HTML elements and it's placed inside the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        An h1 tag is the largest header tag. Should be used sparingly and for important titles only.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Anchor tags and img tags.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
         Scripts, imported styles, meta information, and the title of the page.
    7. What is an id? 
        A unique id for html elements used for document.getElementById in js or appointing styles if an id exists on an element already.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        All elements.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Once since it is unique.
    10. What is a class? 
        An attribute that you can use to style multiple elements with the same class name.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        All elements.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as necessary.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        Add an attribute to the anchor tag, target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
        For when an image doesn't load on a page or screen reader, provides text describing the image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
        Using the # symbol.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        A section is used for semantics(meaning to devs and computer) while a div can also be used without meaning.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Styling webpages.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{
            styles here
        }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        A class can be used multiple times in HTML where as an id is unique and can only be applied to one element.
        Use class to style multiple containers but an id for a form.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .class-name{
            styles here
        }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{
        styles here
    }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    A parent child selector selects nested html elements. This would be useful when you have a section element
    with an h2 tag and a footer element with an h2 tag. If you only wanted to change the h2 tag in the footer
    element, you could use:
    footer h2{
        styles here
    }
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a{
        
    }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        Waits for a specific state on an element before applying any styles.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height: value;
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing: value;
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: value;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{
            border: 1px dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        With the universal selector *{

        }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*Comment here*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd (print working directory)
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm, and be careful because there is no way to reverse this.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        In case you want to revert back to an older version of your project. Also it is very useful when
        working on a project with a group for merging code.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Frequently, whenever you  make big changes or haven't made a commit in awhile.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branch_name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork a project
        2. Assign your TL as a collaborator
        3. Clone the project to your local drive
        4. git checkout -b "firstname-lastname"
        5. Make any changes.
        6. git status -> git add . or git add <file_name> <file_name> (for as many files as necessary)
        7. git commit -m "Message here"
        8. git push -u origin branch_name
        9. Make a pull request on your forked-copy of the repo
        10. Change branch master to branch_name and create the pull request.
        11. If your TL has accepted to collaborate, select them as a reviewer
        Done

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
        You can't put block elements in inline elements but you can vice versa. Divs/sections are examples of block elements and
        a span is an example of an inline element.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
        It is pinned by the top and left side to its parent container.
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
        Set padding and margin to 0 and give it width using the width property.
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
        Display block: div, section, footer
        Display inline: span, strong
        Display inline-block: button
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 
        Every element is considered its own box in html and we use margin, padding, and borders to position elements on the page.